Deciding whether to do a local or remote database

Deciding if I need a relational or NoSQL database

Putting the logic code into flutter or treating database portion as an "API" essentially creating my own API 
that connects to the database

Must add permissions to IP address (google 'whats my IP' for public IP)

Using a chart calculator API or configuring my own
OR using website and stripping data
MUST INCLUDE SOURCE
How websites secure against datascraping by not puting parameters in url so you cant mimic requests
and also assigning a user id (entering into a table and retrieving information from table)

parsing returned string -> when to use ENUM (for my data types ie zodiac) and when just searching the string to set enum

Union find to parse strings

Ideas:
1. Do search using 5 = top priority first 
   Narrow search by further filtering 4...
   Etc until get selection big enough

2. Create people objects with fields sun, moon, etc..
   OR maps sun -> , moon ->
   Enum?


Astrolog must be installed in C:// file

Organizing chart elements
each has a percentage
want to sort based on percentage
Started with 1. Priority Queue-- Want to be able to sort based on % 
             2. Map - want a way to determine elements percentage by looking up name
             3. ArrayList so I can index also creat chart node which contains generic and percentage
                  and also a map with node -> idx so can find index at constant time
                  cons -- more memory but all are fixed sizes and not that big


Deleting user from db when done? Because ID is assigned by size, by deleting we could end up
overwriting. Instead create celeb table with celeb info and join with users.


Challenges were 
- authorizing permissions with database 
- organizing all the data

On mac, azure data studio is needed
brew install --cask azure-data-studio
in ordr to allow TCP connections on port 1433

brew install --cask docker
https://medium.com/@reverentgeek/sql-server-running-on-a-mac-3efafda48861



Allow all IP addresses (create rule from 0.0.0.0 to 255.255.255.255 to connect)

Must grand permission to execute astrolog.exe by running chmod u+x [system.path]/astrotwin/src/main/java/astrotwin/Astrolog/astrolog.exe
If mac must download mac version and put into astrolog folder 
   http://www.astrolog.org/astrolog/astfile.htm
   Under Ports to additional platforms and languages (Macintosh Version)
   May need to go into system preferences (see "unidentified developer" in readme.txt)
   Replace astrolog with mac version
   --> May need to add atlas.as to astrolog for cities



Finding ways to reuse code when adding new features
   If i made methods open enough I was able to reuse them when adding new features
      (such as finding matches using names, adding new celebrities)
   - refactoring is a bitch but necessary sometimes


Creating user and celeb caches
   Determining what objects were important to save locally so they can be reused
   Reducing the amount of time accessing database

Keeping menus and features simple (thinking about whats really necessary -> THINK ABOUT DISPLAY)
   especially with lots of data and features I could add this was important
